We're getting so close I can almost see the finish line.
So hang in there.
We now have the hash and the count so we can finalize this function of get password leaks get in here
as we're looping through each item.
What do we want to check.
Well we want to check that if the hash that is the tail of the hash here is equal to hash to check.
Remember hash to check is the tail end of our hashed password that we never send to anybody that is
on our own machine.
So it's nice and secure and we're going to check this because the API returned us a list of these tailed
hashes.
So if that matches well in that case I want you to return the count.
So I want to return.
How many times this password has been leaked otherwise just return zero.
Again I can do this because it's going to exit out of this loop whenever it sees the return keyword.
Now in my post API check I'm going to run this function which entail is going to grab all this information
and return the count of the times that the hashed password has been leaked so we have one last thing
to do.
That is the ability to actually print out the result of all these calculations.
So let's remove this for now and create a main function and this main function is going to receive the
arguments that we give it right in here in our command line.
So we're going to import as you might have seen before the CIS module and in here we're going to have
a main function that receives the arguments which is the passwords that we want to check.
And for now we'll just pass here.
But at the bottom we're going to call the main function with the CIS dot ARG V and accept any number
of arguments.
After we do the Python 3 Check My passed up pie and then we give it all the arguments that we want which
are the passwords.
So we're going to run the function like this this main function.
All it's going to do is we're going to say for password in the arguments because we can give it multiple
passwords we're going to loop through that and we're going to have a sha 1 password and a count or we'll
just do the count because we're going to receive the count from the get password leaks count so we can
do that by just doing pound API check and we'll pass it the password that we're checking and all we're
going to do is actually inside of this block say if count exists in that case I want you to print an
F string and this f string is going to say
password that we're looping through was found the count of how many times and then we'll say you should
probably change your password
otherwise if that means there's no count that is.
There were no matches then you're all good.
We can say F string password was not found carry on.
So that's a good password.
You should carry on your all get.
And then finally just for fun let's return out of this function return done just like that if I say
this.
Let's see what this gives us.
I'm going to say Python 3.
Check my pass and let's just check.
Hello I get Hello was not fun to carry on but we know that hello was found before right.
I mean that's a simple password we should actually get something good here.
Now I also want to remove this response of print since we don't need it anymore.
Can you spot the air again.
This is a bit of a tricky part with Python right.
It's the indentation in something that we've seen before.
So you want to get good at debugging your own code and figuring out what happens in this case we can
go step by step through the code but we can think we actually never tested this can't function and if
we look over here are indentation is a little bit off right.
We have the if check but then we always return 0.
This return should be like this after the for loop after we've checked everything nothing has been match
then we should return 0.
So if I save and run this again.
All right.
Now it's working.
You notice that's one simple slight error can give you completely different results.
So it's always good to go step by step and try out something with something that you already know works.
And it's also important to use your debugging skills so you'll develop throughout the course to try
and figure things out.
Now no programmer is going to write a perfect program right off the bat.
Most of the time you're trying to figure out why you're getting this error why this is happening and
this is just something that you become better and better at as you code.
So the only cure to this is to just keep coding hopefully throughout the course.
You've seen some of the errors that I make in how I debug them so that you start to adopt these patterns
as well.
Anyway this is awesome.
This is finally working.
Let's try a couple more things.
Let's say by and then some gibberish.
All right.
Looks like this is working as well.
This is awesome our password checker is working.
Now I want to do one more thing here to finish out this project.
So let's do that in the next video.